To use this code, the user is going to start off by calling the function, trapShoot. This will open a window titled, Target Counter, and allow the user to use all of the functions within the code. This code is designed to keep count of the amount of targets hit and missed out of 25. Each round will consist of 25 targets. Every time a target is “thrown”, the user will input what the result was, either a hit or a miss, and click the corresponding button. After one of those buttons is clicked, the number of remaining targets will decrease by one and either the targets hit or the targets missed counter will increase by one. Once all of the targets are “thrown”, a message will be displayed depending on how the user did. If the user hit 20 or more targets he or she will receive a “Great Job!”. However, if the user hits less than 20 targets he or she will receive a “Keep Practicing!”. Once a round has been completed, the user can choose to start a new round. By clicking the “New Round” button, all of the counters will reset. The number of targets hit will return to 0, the number of targets missed will return to 0, and the number of targets remaining will return to 25. Another option that the user has is to select what type of round they want to play, either a practice round or a competitive round. There is a set of radio buttons that the user can select between. Depending on which button is selected, the user will receive another message telling him or her what type of round they will be playing.